i'm originally from seerodill at the request of the emporer himself. i'm often ordered to places with problems that need fixing.

now while i'm certain this is all terribly interesting to you, i have important matters to attend to.

make it quick, i get enough delays from politicians

there isn't someone less busy who can help you?

i trust this is something important?

things are quiet for the moment. that won't last long. as soon as a new campaign starts, i want you there. stay close. see me tomorrow.

the rebels have agreed to cease hostilities until we hash out this treaty. suffice it to say i'm not holding my breath.

here's your pay. it's never enough for what we do, but war gives us warriors its own kind of benefits, doesn't it?

it's good we hold the Reach. were the rebels to gain control, the silver minds would give them coin to hire more thugs and expand their violence.

we need to stem the flow of silver to the rebellion. until we retake the Reach, the Stormcloaks will plunder its mines to fund further violence.

hyallmarch is an important buffer zone between the rebel forces and the capitol. ulfric will try to break through at some point.

i'm losing my patience with this damn war. we must take hyallmarch back. the stormcloaks will be beating upon the doors of the capitol soon.

ulfric will want to take whiterun from us. but we will hold fast. we can't give the rebellion free reign through the center of skyrim.

i can't believe we lost whiterun. the rebels have a great advantage in controlling the center now. we must take it back!

by holding on to falkreath, we control access to the reach, whiterun, and the rift. ulfric will try for it soon. we'll be there to stop him.

i fear losing falkreath may give too much advantage to ulfric. the rebels now control access to the reach, whiterun, and the rift. i want it back.

taking the pale gives us another port in dawnstar and puts us in striking distance of windhelm. that should make ulfric a bit more cautious, huh?

controlling the pale gives ulfric a port town and takes the pressure off of windhelm. but its only a matter of time before its back in our hands.

now that we have winterhold, i can garrison some troops there until i'm ready to march on windhelm.

there's not much up there. but if we can regain winterhold, our proximity to windhelm should keep ulfric wary and wasting troops garrisoned at home.

i almost can't believe it's over. the rebellion is squashed, windhelm is free. i must admit, ulfric put up a stronger fight than i was expecting.

we will oust ulfric from windhelm soon enough. and when we do, i'll have his head on a plate.

taking control of the rift was a great victory. ulfric must be rather nervous with us so close to his doorstep.

we need the rift. we need to regain control of it before we can march on windhelm without worry about our rear guard. 

i'm promoting you to questor.

take this blade, a symbol of your new station and responsibility. i'll keep an eye on your progress. the empire rewards excellence, and so do i.

battles are won by trained and disciplined men. wars are won by talented and exceptional individuals.

i'm raising you to prefect. take this blade, as a gift and symbol of your new rank. you've earned it.

you've come a long way. i don't think we could do without you. i'm hereby raising you to tribune. congratulations.

here. take this gift as a sign of the empire's appreciation. and my own.

i have come to rely heavily upon you. it is only fitting that you join the upper echelon.

on behalf of the empire, and myself, please accept this gift along with your new rank.

congratulations.

however, i'm disappointed that you fled from the field of battle. we do not reward cowardice in the legion. i expect better of you.

it was important we reclaim the reach. letting ulfric control the flow of silver was a mistake. one i'm glad we finally corrected.



